c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\DataObjects.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\DataObjects.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\obj\Debug\DataObjects.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\obj\Debug\DataObjects.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\aspnet-Presentation-20170325102429.mdf
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\aspnet-Presentation-20170325102429_log.ldf
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\bin\Debug\DataObjects.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prototype\DataObjects\obj\Debug\DataObjects.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\bin\Debug\DataObjects.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\bin\Debug\DataObjects.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\bin\Debug\DataObjects.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\obj\Debug\DataObjects.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\obj\Debug\DataObjects.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NationalCriminalDB\DataObjects\obj\Debug\DataObjects.pdb
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\bin\Debug\DataObjects.dll.config
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\bin\Debug\DataObjects.dll
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\bin\Debug\DataObjects.pdb
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.dll
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.pdb
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\obj\Debug\DataObjects.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\obj\Debug\DataObjects.dll
E:\Gulfraz\CrossOver\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Gulfraz-CSharpAssignment\Source\DataObjects\obj\Debug\DataObjects.pdb
